Update number of indirect selection modes for Core 1.5+ (#3811)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/node-selection/test-selection-examples.md

<VersionBlock firstVersion="1.5" >

> There are four modes to configure the behavior when performing indirect selection (with `eager` as the default):

Reviewer: sugg: as a docs maintenance best practice, it's better to be _generic_ to be more evergreen 

```suggestion
These are the modes to configure the behavior when performing indirect selection (with `eager` as the default):
```
